
# config (v8.2.0)

## Stability

> 0 - Experimental

An alternative to config.js


## Overview

`@rgrannell1/config` is similar to `config`, but was implemented to fix several huge irritants to me:

- Lack of explicit environment parametres; `config` relies on environmental variables making it difficult to supply the environment argument via the CLI.
- Lack of access to default configuration from each specific environments file. Occassionally environment configuration can be expressed as a function of the default configuration.

In most other ways, `@rgrannell1/config` works like `config`.



## Usage

`@rgrannell1/config` loads configuration from a config folder; the file `default.js` yields default configuration and an arbitrary number of other environment files can also be included.

This module is explicitly parameterised with environment, which can be drawn from `process.env.NODE_ENV` or another source. Each file can export a function (of the default configuration) or an object.

```js
// -- ./config/default.js

module.exports = () => {
  return {
    url: 'https://example.com/foo/bar',
    timeout: 120,
    auth: {
      user: process.env.EXAMPLE_USER,
      user: process.env.EXAMPLE_PASS,
      secure: false
    }
  }
}
```
```js
// -- ./config/development.js

module.exports = defaults => {
  return {
    timeout: 60
  }
}
```
```js
// -- ./config/production.js
module.exports = defaults => {
  return {
    timeout: 10,
    auth: {
      secure: true
    }
  }
}
```

```js
const config = require('@rgrannell1/config')

const envConfig = config('production')

/*
{
    url: 'https://example.com/foo/bar',
    timeout: 10,
    auth: {
      user: process.env.EXAMPLE_USER,
      user: process.env.EXAMPLE_PASS,
      secure: true
    }
}
*/
```


## Table of Contents

- [yieldConfig](#yieldconfig)
  * [Parameters](#parameters)
- [config](#config)
  * [Parameters](#parameters-1)

## API Documentation

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## yieldConfig

Merge default & environmental configuration

### Parameters

-   `configPath` **[string][1]** the path to environmental configuration
-   `defaultConf` **[function][2]** configuration to merge in too

Returns **[object][3]** 

## config

Load configuration based on an environmental variable.

### Parameters

-   `environment` **[string][1]** an environment variable. Defaults to NODE_ENV
-   `opts` **[Object][3]** 

Returns **[Object][3]** environment configuration

[1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object


## Dependencies

- Node.js >= v10.6.0
- NPM >= v10.6.0

## License

Copyright (c) 2018 Ryan Grannell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
